# Hotel reservation system on Nachos
## Run Conﬁguration
This program started in ThreadTest(), we can just use -K as our command branch. While we also need to add a ﬂag -q1 to set how long the time quantum will be for each thread at level 1 ready queue in main.cc for this project.

## Overview
For this program, ﬁrst we need to implement I/O operations(Write and Read) used as NachOS thread. When they are called by threads, a new I/O request event is created and would sleep for a random amount of time, then it would be added to the I/O queue. It quite similar with our last lab course work that we let guest thread sleep and wake them up at certain day. But is this assignment all this I/O thread would be woken up by Alarm, which means after sleeping for random time, Alarm will wake them up and let them back to I/O queue. I design a new class Sleeping with container list <Bed> to contain all sleeping threads.
Then we are supposed to implement Multi-level Feedback Queue scheduler to schedule all those threads, instead of adding a new header ﬁle and cc ﬁle, I choosed to modify NachOS original scheduler.h and scheduler.cc to implement our work. Considered multi level required, I add private members List<Thread ∗> ∗MultiLevelList and int NumofLevel in class scheduler where I use List<Thread ∗> ∗MultiLevelList as my container to contain all readyto-run threads with their repective priority. In order to realize priority’s decrement, when function Callback is called, we make a determine statement that if current thread consecutive running time is large than time limited in this level, its priority will minus 1 and it will be put into lower level(except for lowest). In ﬁrst three levels, scheduler apply FIFO algorithm while for last level, original Round-Robin algorithm would be used.

